# portfolio
Anagha Adithya

Boulder, CO | www.linkedin.com/in/anaghaadithya |  anagha.adithya@colorado.edu | +1 (551) 998-5613

# WORK EXPERIENCE

## University of Colorado Boulder	   Boulder, CO 
Teaching Assistant	   Aug 2023 – Present
●	Assisting 25 students for the course Semiconductor Devices. 
●	Assisting 25 students in building basic electronics circuits for the course Electronics and Semiconductor Laboratory.

## Bosch Global Software Technologies	   Bengaluru, India 
Hardware Development Engineer	   Sept 2021 – Aug 2023
●	Reduced harness cables by 75% in an ADAS system's Ultrasonic ASIC.
●	Designed a 1.8V to 3.3V unidirectional level shifter for intrasystem compatibility for the Ultrasonic ASIC.
●	Developed a SerDes (Serializer/Deserializer) network for MIPI-CSI2 to 7 Gbps high-speed serial data with Power over Coax (POC) for a Near Range Camera System, including filter design and S-parameter verification.
●	Led the implementation of a MIPI MUX system, reducing routed MIPI signals and enhancing system flexibility.
●	Achieved a 25% reduction in decoupling capacitors for Xilinx UltraScale MPSoC, meeting target impedance.
●	Ensured compatibility of alternate components through initial assessments and tests.
●	Eliminated two crystals from the BOM by utilizing a clock signal generated by the SoC.

# SKILLS

●	Programming Languages: C, C++, Python, Verilog HDL, Assembly
●	Tools: MCUXpresso IDE, STM32CubeIDE, CodeBlocks, Keil uVision 5.0, Altium, LTspice, PSpice, Multisim, Intel’s Quartus Prime, Oscilloscope, Logic Analyzer, Signal Generator, Vector Network Analyzer
●	Hardware: 8051, STM32, FRDM-KL25Z, Raspberry Pi, Jetson Nano, FPGA DE0 Nano
●	Protocols & Misc: I2C, SPI, UART, ADC, DAC, ARM (ISR, GPIO)
●	Project Management and Collaboration: Agile, JIRA confluence, Git
PROJECTS

## Gesture-controlled LED Matrix, CU Boulder	 Nov 2023 – Dec 2023
●	Designed a system to detect gestures and control a display, used in home automation and vehicle dashboard interfaces.
●	Interfaced two boards with Bluetooth: one dedicated to gesture recognition (STM32 microcontroller, analog accelerometer, SPI gyroscope), and another for display (8051, Decoder, I2C IO expander, 4x4 LED matrix).
●	Authored device drivers and executed bare-metal programming to better understand intrasystem interactions.
●	Engineered a current amplification circuit using NPN transistors, ensuring optimal power to the LEDs.
●	Designed and simulated a level shifter with MOSFETs, enabling compatibility of logic levels between modules.

## 8051 Bring up Board, CU Boulder	 Sept 2023 – Nov 2023
●	Created and implemented a comprehensive 8051-microcontroller dev board featuring I2C EEPROM, 32kB NVRAM, LCD, DAC, SPLD, and buffer, skillfully managing memory-mapped peripherals. 
●	Programmed the board using RS232 interface and developed the system through bare-metal techniques.

## e-Yantra Robot Development - IIT Bombay Hackathon	    Dec 2020- Mar 2021
●	Led my team to develop a color-sensing line-following robot utilizing FPGA DE0 Nano, simulating a warehouse environment with multiple hazard resolution units. The robot navigated the path corresponding to detected hazards based on color representation. Integrated color (varied output frequency based on color) and line (analog output) sensors. 
●	Wirelessly transmitted robot location using X-bee module to a PC.

# PATENTS
   
## Transparent Photodiode-based segment display digit recognition and transmission	 Dec 2020
●	Under the guidance of Dr. Dinesh Anvekar, the patent showcases the potential for transparent photodiode technology to detect and wirelessly transmit digits displayed on a primary screen to a secondary display. 
●	Positioned for application in gas stations - drivers can read meter readings displayed on the nozzle in mirror image through the rear-view mirror without exiting their vehicles. [Indian Patent No.202041053301 A 50/2020 dated 11/12/2020]

# EDUCATION

## Master of Science in Embedded Systems Engineering	Boulder, CO
University of Colorado Boulder	Expected graduation- May 2025
Coursework: Embedded Systems Design, Principles of Embedded Software, Practical PCB Design and Manufacturing, Real-time Embedded Systems. 

## Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication Engineering	Bengaluru, India
Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU), India	2017- 2021
